Similar to how you can make a function declaration either traditionally like we did here or with a function
expression you can also make a class expression.
So what I'm going to do here is I'm going to go ahead and just copy this right here.
And after I copy it I'm going to come out and pop down to the bottom right here and pasted in.
Now instead of doing my traditional class declaration what I'm going to do is ominous sign my class
declaration to a variable like so.
So I'm just going to do a Person class equals a class right here.
And as with the function expression I don't need to give it an identifier or a name right here.
And so it has the same exact effect you can see it still prints out the same exact thing.
And we can check to make sure that another person is of this is an instance of the Person class so we
can do canceled or log another person instance of Person class like so and then we can do another check
here to see if it's an instance of the object.
So like so you could see it true twice and it's still of type function.
So essentially it has the same exact functionality unlike function expressions versus traditionally
declared expressions both class expressions and traditional class declarations are not hoisted.
And so the functionality between these two is basically identical it does the same exact thing.
It's really a matter of preference.
The only time you would really use a class expression instead is if you were maybe passing into a function.